Support Named for cartesian products (#842) (#848)
junit-pioneer/junit-pioneer: docs/cartesian-product.adoc

`ArgumentSets` is a helper class, specifically for creating sets for `@CartesianTest`.
To create the test data, instantiate with the static factory method `argumentsForFirstParameter`, then call the `addValuesForNextParameter` method once per additional parameter in the order in which they appear in the test method.
In each call, pass in all values for the corresponding parameter.

> By default the display name for arguments will use `Objets.toString`, `Integer.toString`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the display name for arguments will use `toString()` for conversion.
```
